One of the real benefit you get in the military is stability. Even during
the depression, they were not throwing people out of the military
as long as you perform well and get good marks from you seniors, you
can stay in the military twenty thirty years and retire. There occasionally
have been rifts like after World War two, more people want
to stay in the service than they had spots for, so some people had
to be excused from the service. And that was particularly true in the
officer ranks, enlistined people who had gotten elevated to officer
ranks earlier in the war, when the war was over were hoping to stay
as officers. But frequently they were told "no we're sorry we just
don't have enough officer billets so you must revert" then most of
those reversions were back to a senior enlisted rating. And then when
it came time to retire, the person was allowed to retire at their
rank that they had achieved in the reserve duty. And so that means
if I were a captain and I got sent back to staff sergeant and then made
my way up to master sergeant before I had time to retire, I probably
would retire as a major because the captain normal would get promoted
to major. And so they allow me to retire but, in general, employment
once again you can stay as long as you want and they want you
to stay as long as you can.